# 2a.

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <td><b>Thesis</b></td>
            <td><b>Author</b></td>
            <td><b>What is studied</b></td>
            <td><b>What method is used</b></td>
            <td><b>Results of the study</b></td>
            <td><b>How this relates to my work</b></td>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Identification of Idea Management Tools’ Success Factors for Organizations</td>
            <td>Abir Iqbal Malik</td>
            <td>Innovation management tools. What are the success factors related to these and what are the challanges in using these tools.</td>
            <td>The empirical part of the study was conducted as semi structured interviews</td>
            <td>The study identifies different ways companies use the tools and some challenges that have been found. Common success factors are not explicitly mentioned.</td>
            <td>The background information of the study is very close to the backgrounf information I need to write about.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Developing service innovations through
experimentation with help of prototyping space</td>
            <td>Henna-Riikka Kärkkäinen</td>
            <td>1. What processes can be used to support new service development and 2. How a dedicated space for this should be used</td>
            <td>Empirical study was conducted as a series of semi structured interviews and a survey.</td>
            <td>The results are a number of insights into the service prototyping process as well as some conclusions on how the prototyping space could be used.</td>
            <td>The service innovation is very close to what Futurice does and I would like to include that into my thesis as well. The results may not help me much, but there could be some correlations.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Experimentation-driven development and learning in organisations</td>
            <td>Marianne Tenhula</td>
            <td>Experimentation behviour of employees and what factors affect it</td>
            <td>The study used a case study as a means of gathering empirical evidence. The study was conducted as interviews.</td>
            <td>A number of factors that affect the experimentation behaviour of an employee were identifies. Some results of how experimentation affects an individual were also presented.</td>
            <td>This thesis does not relate to my work as well as the other two. The main link is that this thesis studies experimenatation in a business setting, which is very close to what I will be studying.</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>
